[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Question on in express, how
would you pass data from a request object
to react?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
So, one thing I do want to before I answer
that question that I want to stress here.
I wonder if I can actually show you,
so let's go to landing.jsx.
What I wanna stress is that you wanna make
sure that whatever you're rendering on
the server is also exactly what you're
going to be rendering on the client or
React's gets really pissed at you.
So I'm gonna do that right now.
Here in the svideo,
I'm gonna say instead of that Math.random.
All right,
that's the name of the function.
Make sure of that, Math.random, yep, cool.
So what this is gonna do,
this is just return a random
number between zero and one.
But the property I wanna exploit here is
it's gonna be different every single time.
So it's gonna be different on the server
than it is on the client, right?
Because it's gonna be running
Math.random two separate times and
React's are gonna get really
pissed at us for doing this.
So first of all, start and stop this
again, which I probably didn't have to.
No, I did.
Okay, so here, now if I go to landing.
Notice that it got really
pissed at me here,
cuz it said React tried to do this and
you messed it up [LAUGH].
And the way that does this
is React has a checksum,
it basically hashes your entire
app into one checksum and
if those checksum don't match up on
the server and on the client, It
says well you messed it up I'm gonna blow
away your entire client and try again.
So, I said that to address his or
her question because you don't wanna be
mucking too much on the server with it,
unless you're sure that whatever
your rendering on the server and
whatever you're running on the client
is gonna end up being the same.
So, all of this to say
coming back here let's get rid of
this because we don't want that.
First of all does that makes
sense of why you need to make
sure that what you're doing on the client
and on the server is the same.
The reason why is you lose all
the performance gains because if you
render on the server and
then send it down and
the checksums match, React does not blow
away the DOM and render something new.
It actually just quietly takes
over what's already there.
If you mess it up and they are different,
Reacts well screw this and
blows the entire thing away and
creates a whole new thing,
which is slower, less performant and
kind of just defeating the whole point.
Okay, let me let me finish my thought and
then I'll address your questions.
So to answer the question,
which I totally sidestepped and
I meant to answer is how do you pass
stuff in from express to react.
It's I mean the wrong one.js.
See here I'm passing store and here's
stuff to I can actually just as have to
render props and then actually get
perpetuated down to the client.
So, you just have to make sure that
that ends up both on the client and
on the server so
that's what I wanted to say.
Yeah what's was your question?
>> Speaker 3: So,
when I'm on the details page or
one of them and I refresh all the styles
everything from public errors.
>> Brian Holt: The reason you
need to change as well
as go to index.HTML and
put these as slash as well,
and actually public as well.
Yeah, cuz it's doing relative paths and
we can't do relative paths anymore.
That's a good catch.
Yeah, they need to be /public.
The reason I was working before for
me is cuz it was cached.
>> Brian Holt: So that should work now.
I have to restart and stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Just so
you know, so if you haven't already do,
npm install -g nodemon like this.
It's annoying to start and
stop your server every time.
Nodemon will just do that for
you or nodemon.
I've heard a lot of people
argue how you say this.
The idea is a demon is something
that runs in the background.
This is the nodemon right.
That's the idea.
So I'm gonna say instead of
nodeapp.js I said nodemonapp.js.
It actually does a watch for you.
So any time I change something,
it just restarts my server automatically.
That's the idea, okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now if I refresh this.
It should be okay again.
I should go to Browse All.
Daredevil and refresh,
everything should be happy again.
Okay, cool.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
other questions before I move on?
>> Speaker 1: The question
I had queued up was, so were specifically
can you not use dynamic values versus
where can you use them?
>> Brian Holt: I mean that's a far
reaching question.
The real answer to that question is, if
you're gonna be using dynamic values from
the server you just have to make sure that
they are available in the client too.
And there's any number of ways that you
can make sure that that's the case.
Hopefully, that sufficiently vague, but
it's also kind of a vague question.
So, [LAUGH] just make sure that whatever's
available in your node environment.
It's tough to say without
a concrete example.